・英语学习■
护患情境会话
肺移植病人的心理护理 Psychological Nursing Care for a
Patient with Lung Transplantation
(情景二) (Scene 2)
背景
肺移植术后,严格控制感染,其中体表生理腔道护理很 重要,口腔卫生是重点.擦洗和漱口交替进行。患者对频繁 漱口有抵触情绪。
Background
After the lung transplant surgery* it is vital important to prevent the patient from infection. The care for the physiological-anatomic tract of body-surface should be emphasized and oral hygiene is the focal point. Therefore* the nurses wash and rinse the patient,s mouth frequently. But the patient seems to dislike this practice.
交流
病人：我不想漱口 .它的味道很不好！
护士 ：哦！这制霉菌素的确有些味道，但它对霉菌的抑 制作用是很好的。
病人：隔几个小时就漱口一次.我根本就没吃东西。
护士：我们的口腔很容易滋生细菌。气管与食管的开 口很接近.如果口腔里的细菌进入了肺部,就会引发肺部感 染，所以口腔卫生是非常重要的。
病人；哦！
护士：你放心，三种漱口液，只有制霉菌素味道不好，其 他都不难闻，试试看。
病人：是甜的，还有薄荷的味道。
Interactions
Patient： I don't like to rinse my mouth again. The fluid tastes terrible.
Nurse： Well, that is Nystatin. I know it tastes bad, but it is very effective to control the mycete.
Patient ； But why do I have to rinse out every few hours? I didn11 eat anything.
Nurse： Bacteria breed easily and quickly in the oral cavity and the trachea is close to the opening of the esophagus. It will cause lung infection if the bacteria in the mouth cavity entered the lungs* Therefore oral hygiene is very important
Patient： Oh, T see.
Nurse ： Don' t worry. The other two gargle liquids aren/t as bad as the Nystatin, Try it. OK?
Patient： It's sweet and has mint flavor.
结果
向患者讲明重要性.弱化其抵触情绪，予患者在漱口液 感知上的良性体味,增强其积极性。
Result
It is important to let the patient know why the mouth wash and gargle are needed. Let the patient taste the other mouth wash solutions which do not have the offensive tastes will also help the patient cooperate with the process.
（情景三）
（Scene 3）
背景
患者使用无创呼吸面罩.面罩的密闭性质，使病人主观 上有一种不安全感。另外,面罩紧压面部.影响血液回流.部 分气体注入了胃肠,引起腹胀,一定程度上影响了语言交流。
Background
The use of non-invasive respiration mask made the patient feel insecure because of its tightness. The mask on the face was so tight that affected the patientJ s blood reflux. Some gas was infused into his stomach and intestines which led to abdomen distension. The verbal communication was also affected to some degree.
（蒋芳琴）
ISSN 1002-6975
