中华外科杂志 2000 年4 月第 38 卷第 4 期 Chin J Surg April 2000 Vol. 38, No. 4
• 245 •
•ORIGINAL ARTICLES-
Lung autotransplantation technique for treating central lung cancer of upper lobe
ZHANG Guoliang (张国良)LIU Jun (刘军)JIANG Guanchao (姜冠潮)SHEN Chenyang(沈晨阳)LI Mengzan (李梦赞)
Objective To assess the feasibility of applyng lung auto-transplantat ion technique in the t reat ment of central lung cancer of the upper lobe.
Methods Two patients underw ent double-sleeve right upper and middle bilobectomy. Bec ause the length of resected bronchus or pulmonary artery inv olved by tumor was too long to perform t ension-free anast omosis, we had to t ransplant the lower lobar vein into the proximal stump of the upper lobar vein .Another two patients underwent pneumonectomy firstly, because we could not perform sleeve lobect omy in suit as the tumor extended through the oblique fissure to the margin of the lower lobe. Subsequently, we resect ed the tumor parts at a separat e table , and replanted the preservable part of the lung into the chest.
Results Being followed up to December 1999 the patient 1. 3 and 4 had been alive with tumor free for 31 18 and 13 mont hs.The pat ient 1 and 3 had a good living quality but the patient 4 had a very poor activity.The pat ient 4 receiv ed resection of the replanted lung for pulmonary art ery bronchus pleural f ist ula on the 42nd day after operation .The second patient died of tension pneumothorax associated w ith bronchopleural fistula on the 19th day after operat ion.
Conclusion Lung autotransplantation is an alternatve technique for pumonary preservation in patients with stage 111 central lung cancer of the upper lobe whose cardiopulmonary function is too poor to undergo pneumonectomy.
Key words Carcinoma, bronchogenic Extracorporeal resection Lung autotransplantation
Chin J Surg 2000,38(4):245-249
Since we successfully used lung autotransplantation technique in the treatment of stage 1 lung cancer in May 1997,[ 1] another 3 patie nts with central lung cancer of the upper lobe had undergone this kind of procedure by the end of 1998 .A retrospective study and follow-up survey are reported .
PATIENTS
Patient 1
A 45-ye ar-old man with a 4-month history of cough, hemoptysis and short of breath was diagnosed as having central lung cancer of the rig ht upper lobe associated with
Department of Thoracic Surgery, People s Hospital, Beijing Medical University, Beijing 100044, China(ZHANG GL, LIU J , JIANG GC , SHEN
obstructive pneumonia .Bronchoscopy demonstrated in the right upper lobe orifice a neoplasm extending to the middle segmental bronchus .Pathologically , the biopsy specimen of the neoplasm revealed abnormal cells and squamous metaplasia . CT scan on thorax reve aled a 5 cm mass at the rig ht lung that occluded the rig ht upper lobe bronchus and made subsegmental atelectasis distal to the lesion .The tumor seem ed to encase the pulmonary artery of the upper lobe and extended closely to the right main pulmonary artery .After bronchoscopy and enhanced CT examination, a sleeve upper and middle bilobectomy was considered technically possible .Pulmonary function test w as made before and after oper ation (Table 1). After chemotherapy , the patient underwent a double sleeve rig ht upper and middle bilobectomy including 6. 8 cm of the bronchus and 2 cm of the pulmonary artery rese cted si-mu ltaneously .The tension in the site of bronchial anastomosis, howev er, can not be relieved although the pericardium around the inferior pulmona ry vein was incised. In order to ensure the tension-free anastomoses of both bronchus and artery, the lower pulmonary vein was divided in the pericardium and the isolated low er lobe specimen was flushed with heparin solution (12 500 U/ 500N. S. at 23 C) and sheared at a separate table. Subsequently the low er pulmonary vein was anastomosed into the proximal stump of the upper lobar vein .The bronchus and pulmonary artery were anastomosed in turn .The time of operation and tempe ratu re of flushing solution were recorded (Table 2).During the operation, radical hilar and mediastinal lymphadenectomy was pe rformed .The patie nt re ceived mecha nic al ventilation for 6 hours at ICU and re cove red rapidly 6 days after operation .Pathologic examination show ed a well-differentiated squamou s carci-nom a, hilar lymphnode metastasis(3/ 3), no mediastinal lymphnode metasta sis (0/ 17), and negative re sults in the specimens of the stump of the superior and inferior bronchus .pTNM was stage IIIa T3N1M0 .Three weeks later on spiral CT the reconstruction of the vascular reflux and b ronchus show ed a good blood perfusion and ventilation of replantative pulmonary lobe .The patient was sub-
CY 加田 LIMZ)	jected to adjuvant radi0the1apy and chemotherapy . After
• 246 •
中华外科杂志2000年4月第38卷第4期 Chinj Surg April 2000 Vol. 38 No. 4
Table 1 Pre and postoperative pulmonary f unct ion test
Pati ent	VC (L)	%	FEV1 (L)	%	MVV(L)	%	FEF25 %-75%(L/ s)	PaCO2(mm Hg)
1 Pre	2.26	58	1 .72	56	67	48	1 .37	21.0
Po st	2.18	54	1 .49	46	49	34	0.90	38.7
3 Pre	1.90	62	0.72	31	24	22	0.25	48.0
Po st	2.04	67	0.75	32	29	27	0.32	39.8
VC :v ital capacity ;	FEV 1 :	fo rced expiratory volume		in one	second; MVV :max im um	v oluntary ventilation;FEF25%-75 %:		forced ex pir atory flow rate
from 25% to 75 %;%:percentage of the pr edi cted.
Table 2 Time of operation (min ) and temperature of perfusion ( C)
Pa tient	Date	Lung in vitro	LPV suture	LPV anas	Bro nchial an	LPA ana s	PA oc cl	To tal tim e	Room (C)	Perfusion(C)
1	05/ 12/ 1997	15	8	15	14	10	180	300	23	23
2	08/ 18/ 1997	20	10	25	80	80	177	415	19	8
3	07/ 02/ 1998	233	10	20	72	16	340	450	19	19
4	11/ 18/ 1998	125	10	50	48	56	312	480	30	8
LPV :lower pulmo nary vein;PA :pulmonary ar tery ;a nas:anastomosis;occl:occlusion
18 week s , recurre nce occurred in the above edge of bronchial anastomosis .Local lesion disappeared after intracavity irradiation .The patient returned to work and had no evidence of recu rrence until December 1999 .
Patient 2
A 63-year-old woman was found to have central lung cancer of the right upper lobe and coronary heart disease. B ronchoscope showed that the tumor blocked the bronchial orifice of the right upper lobe com pletely . She was given a new adjuvant chemother apy . During thoracotomy, a double sleeve right upper and middle bilobectomy was performed .Four cm of the bronchial and pulmonary artery stem was removed respectively .It was difficult to appose the ends of the artery because of the amplitude of the sleeve and the inferior pulmonary vein .To reduce the tension, the low er pulmonary vein was incised and the detached lower lobe was perfuse d and immersed in heparin so lutio n ( 12 500 U/ 500 ml NS at 8 C)for 20 minutes(at this time mediastinal lymphadenectomy was done).After it was she ared, the detached lobe was replanted into the thorax, reimplanting the inferior vein on the proximal stump of the superior one and anastomosing the bronchus and artery in turn .The patient died from bronchial anastomosis fissure and tension pneumothorax on the 19th day after operation .Pathologically, a poorly differe ntiated adeno squamous car cinoma protruding into the bronchus and infiltrating into the pulmonary artery muscular lay er was noted . The hilar lymph node was found to be metastatic(4/4)and mediastinal lymphnode show ed negative results (0/ 11 ). pTNM was stage IIIa T3N1M0.
Patient 3
A 70-year-old man suffe red from central pulmonary squamous
cellcarcinoma in the le$ upper lobe with 0b- is]was a cauliflower-like mass blockingthe left 摩2. lob
structive pneumonia . He had had b ronchial asthma for 42 years . Bronchoscopy show ed a neoplasm occluding completely the left upper lobe orifice, thickening and deformation in the left low er lobe o rifice .Pre-and postoperative pulmonary functio n test was performed (Table 1).During the operation, the tumor was found to invade over the o blique fissu re into the apex of the medial basal segment . Afte r pneumonectomy, on a separate table the specimen was sheared by re secting the origin of the lower pulmonary vein and a partial pericardium rounding it and cutting off the vascular branch of the medial basal segment .After removing the tumor and lymphnode , the bronchial orifices of the dorsal, posterolateral, anteromedial segment of the lower lobe were exposed separa tely .The above three segmental bronchial orifices were sutured and got together for anastmosis later.The wounded su rfa ce of the lowe r pulmonary ob lique fissure was sutured with figure-of-U .The vein, bronchus and artery were anastomosed in turn .The b ronchial anastmosis site was encircled with coastal pedicle muscle flap .The patient recov ered satisfactorily after mechanical ventilation for 18 hours .Pathologic examination reve ale d a well differentiated squamous cell carcinoma with lymphnode metastasis in the pulmonary hilum and b ronchial crista ( 11/11 ). No mediastinal lymphnode metastasis was found (0/14 ).pTMN was stage IIIa T3N1M0 .Followed up to December 1999, the patient was tumor-free alive for 18 months and got a satisfactory improvement in living quality .Asthma has scarcely recurred .
Patient 4
A 52-year-old man was admitted to the hospital for the treatment of central lung cancer of the left upper lobe associated with obstructive pneumonia, mycotic infec tion , and multiple cavitation . Bronchoscopy show ed that there
中华外科杂志 2000 年4 月第 38 卷第 4 期 Chin J Surg April 2000 Vol. 38, No. 4
• 247 •
orifice and that the lower lobe orifice was compressed .After thoracotomy , the left upper lobe was found to be atelectatic , consolidated and attached to the chest wall and the pericardium .The oblique fissu re could not be dissected .After pneumonectomy was perfo rmed , the low er lobe was cut out from the specimen on a separate table .The orifice of the basal segmental artery trunk was exposed . The dorsal artery was ligated because it was too short to be anastomo se d. The low er lobe bronchus was divided obliquely at 1 cm abo ve the dorsal bronchus and its orifice was made elliptical including three segmental orifices .The wounde d surface of the lower lobe was sutured interruptedly and the pulmonary artery , b ronchus , and vein were exposed above the level of the sutu re .The pu lmona ry vein , b ro nchus and pu lmonary artery were anastomose d in turn . The bronchial anastomosis site was encircled with pedicled p leura l flap . On the second day afte r operation , the patient had more bloody mucoid sputum . Chest X-ray showed an ill-defined opacity in the rep lanted left lobe and the mediastinum shifting to the right . On the 9th day after operation the bloody mucoid spu tum gradually disappeared and chest radiography showed an intermediate mediastinum .The patient was disch arged from mech anical ventilation .Pathological examination show ed a highly differentiated squamous cell carcinoma that blocked the b ro nchus and invaded the wall of the pulmonary artery as well as multiple tiny abscesses in the lung . Lym ph node metastasis was evident in the hilar(8/ 8), subcarina(1/3) and mediastinum (0/30).pTNM was stage IIIa T3N2M 0. On the 42nd day after operation , the patient had to receive the second thoracotomy for active bleeding in the thoracic cavity and hemo pty sis .A fistu la betwe en the pulmonary artery and bronchus , central necrosis , and extensive collateral circulation of the rep lanted lobe was found during the thoracotomy .The re sidual lobe had to be remov ed and the main bronchial stum p was closed with pedicled costal muscle flap .The patie nt was discharged from the hospital on foot .The second pathological examination showed there were deg enera tive necrose s and stale bleeding in the residual lobe . No carcinoma cell was found . In December 1999 the patient had a poor activity , but X-ray showed no sign of tum orous recu rrence .
DISCUSSION
Operative indicat ions
Bronchovascular double sleeve lobectomy is a satis-facto ry technique in the treatment of central lung cancer of the upper lobe .[ 2-5] It has already been one of the routine p ro cedure s . But if the tumor involves the bronchus and/ or pulmonary arte ry extensively , the length of removed
2), and also because of the tractive limit of the inferior pulmonary vein , it is necessary to appose the ends of the b ronchus or the artery .To eliminate the tension of the anastomosis of the bronchus and artery , the inferior pulmonary vein is divided in the pericardium and reim planted on the proximal stump of the superior one .It is a new procedure using lung autotransplantation technique in the tre atme nt of central lung cancer . Under the above situation , the tumor was excised in vivo and the isolated lobe was replanted w ithin a very short time. For example, the lobes of patie nt 1 and 2 were rep lanted in 20 m inutes .Another situation is that the tumor extends through the major fissure and adheres to the margin of the low er lobe .According to our expe rience , the only choice of the later situation is to pe rform pneumonectomy , because the distal direction rese cting line of the bronchus and pu lmonary artery in the oblique fissure for double sleeve lobectomy can not be exposed .Nevertheless some of the ope rative candidates with poor cardiopulmonary function are unable to undergo pneumonectomy .This problem is solved by lung autotr ans-plantation technique .In our patients , we removed the malignant mass from the specimen and sutured the surface of wound at the margin of the inferior lobe at a sepa rate table afte r pneumonectomy .The preservable inferior lobe was replanted into the thorax by anastomosing the low er lobar vein on the proximal stump of the superio r one , the low er b ronchus and artery on the root of the main bronchu s and pulmonary artery .In patient 3 the tumor invaded the pericardium abutting the inferior lobar vein .To tho roughly remove the tumor , we incised a part of the root of the inferior lobar vein and pericardium .We suggest that lung auto-transplatation te chnique is indicated for the treatment of central lung cancer of the upper lobe in the patients with poor cardiopulmonary fun ction that makes pneumonectomy impossible .The patients have the following chara cte ris-tics :extended sleeve resection of the bronchus ; extended sleeve resection of the pulmonary artery ;tumor involved part of the peric ardium , adjacent to the inferior lobar vein;tumor extended across the oblique fissure into the margin of the low er lobe , but the deep of the lower lobe was not involved . Lung autotransplantation technique is an alternative procedure for pulmonary preservation .
Relative factors affecting the survival of replanted lobe Ischemic time of lung
In our patients , 2 were subjected to intracorporeal tumor resection , and the rest 2 extracorporeal tumor resection .In each group , one was successfu l .In the intracor-poreal resection group , the time of the lung in vitro was very short .The time for blocking the pulmonary artery was
bronchus and/or Pulmonary artery is bnge- (patient 1a旭	n0ttoo 10ng. However in lhe extrac°rporeal reseed0n
• 248 •
中华外科杂志2000年4月第38卷第4期 Chinj Surg April 2000 Vol. 38 No. 4
group, the time for isolating lobe in vitro and b locking pumonary artery was longer than that of the fo rmer (Table 2).The longest time was show n in patie nt 3 who has a good living qua lity up to now .This suggests that the replante d lobe can be su rvived with the isolated lobe in vitro for 223 minutes and the blocked pulmonary artery for 340 minutes .
Flushing of isolated lobe
40 ml of heparin solutio n ( 12 500 U heparin/ 500 ml N . S .)at room temperatu re was used to flu sh the inferior lobar vein in patient 1 and 3 until the solution flowed out from the pulmonary arte ry was clear .The low er lobe was subsequently immersed in the heparin solution . Both of the replanted lobes survived .But in patient 2 and 4, the lobes were flushed and immersed using heparin solution at 8 Q and the replanted lobes did not survive . Dr. Shen ZM re-ported[ 6] that low-temperature flush to the transplanted organs is not indispensable for a successful transplantation , on the contrary those transplanted organs without low- temper ature flush may survive well .The best temperature to preserve the big parenchymato us organs was 15-25 Q. He didn t refer to any m aterial about lung . Becau se of the complicated clinical factors , we do not know w hether the failure of our 2 patients is related to the flush at 8 Q. However, 2 succe ssfu l patients showed that the replanted lobe can survive by flushing with heparin solution at 19-23 Q(Table 2).
Pulmonary vein embolism
The factors for pulmonary vein embolism include inade quate isolated lobar vessel perfusion , narrowing of vein anastomosis , twisting or compression of vessel , insufficient anticoagulant , and repe rfu sion injury of the isolated lobe and so on .We infused 12.5 mg heparin quickly 5 minutes before blocking the pulmonary artery , infused 25 mg heparin slowly , and w ashed anastomosis site with 12.5 mg heparin solution lo cally .Before the pulmonary artery was blocked and excised , it was transiently blocked for 5 minutes , two tim es with 5-minute intermission , so as to increase the ability to combat ischemia reperfusion injury .[ 7] Heparin was infused continually with 50 mg/ 24 hours after operation for 5 days .In our patients , 3 showed no secondary bleeding and embolism .Pulmonary artery broncho-fleural fistula occurred in patient 4 because of necrosis of the replante d lobe w hich was caused by incomplete embolism of the pulmonary venous system .Venous drainage obstruction resulted from over-closely interrupted suture to the wounded surface of oblique fissu re , and secondary edem a might contribute to incomplete pulmonary venous
agulation treatment and decrease of the dose of heparin also contribute to pulmonary venous embolism .
Bronchial anastomosis
No complications can be found after co rre ct vascular anastomosis . Bronchial anastomosis remains a m ajor prob-lem.The failure of our two patients was related to b ronchus pleural fistula .In patient 3 , bronchial ana stomo-sis was checked for air tightness and encircled by an intercostal pedicled mu scle flap , w hich offers good vascu larity to the distal bronchus and separates it from the pulmonary artery anastomosis .It is a good measure . On the 10th day after operation , patient 2 re ceived bronchoscopy treatment to evacuate sputum and remove a blood lot at the a na sto-mosis site w ith biopsy forceps .After that she w as found to be hemoptysis . On the 17th day after operation in another ICU , his machinery assistant respiration mode was changed to pressure support and he was supporte d to 22 cm H2O .This caused bronchopleual fistula and tension pneumothorax.We suggest that the pressure supported on ma chinery ventilation can not be more than 7 cm H2O after b ronchoplasty .[ 8]
REFERENCES
1	Zha ng GL, Li MZ , YangGY, et al.Lung autotransplantation technique in the tre atm ent of stag e III bronchog enic car cinom a. Chin J Surg, 1998 , 36: 158-160.
2	Toome s H, Vog e-Moy ko pf I. Conservative resect io n for ca nce r. In Delarue NC , Eschapasse H , eds :Interrnational trends in genera l thoracic surgery.Vol.I.Philadelphia:WB Saunders, 1985. 88.
3	M aggi G, Casadio C , Pische dda F , et al.Bronchoplastic and angioplastic techniques in the tre atm ent of bronchogenic carcinoma .Ann Thorac Surg, 1993, 55: 1501-1507.
4	ZhangG L, Liu J , Yan GY, et al . Reconstruction of pulmo na ry arte ry during rese ction of lung cancer.Chin J Clin Oncol , 1998 , 25:729-731 .
5	Ricci C , Rendina EA , V enuta F , et al .Reconsturction of the pulmona ry artery in pa tient s with lung cancer .Ann Thorac Surg, 1994, 57:627-633 .
6	Chen ZM , Han DE, Wu DQ , et al .The prote ction of transplant org ans without perfusion:an animal ex pe rimental study and clinical applicatio n. Chin J Pra ctical Surg, 1999, 19:267-268.
7	Jiang GC , Zhang GL, Liu Jun , et al.Effe ct of ischemi a preconditioning on Lung ischemia repertusion injury.Chin J Exp Surg, 1999 , 16:354355.
8	Zha ng GL, Shen CY , Jiang GC , et a l.Double slee ve lobectomy in the tre atment of stag e III bronchogenic carcinoma.The fourth national conference on tracheal surg ery . Shanghai , 1996. 31-33.
应用自体肺移植技术治疗上叶中心型肺癌
张国良,刘军,姜冠潮,等.
北京医科大学人民医院胸外科,100044中国
【摘要】目的探讨应用自体肺移植技术治疗上叶中心型 肺癌的可行性。	方法2例作双袖状右上中叶联合肺叶切
除,因支气管切除过长或肺动脉切除过长,吻合张力过大,做 下肺静脉切断,肺短时间离体后作下叶重植,将下肺静脉移 植于上肺静脉残端。2例左上叶肺癌部分侵及斜裂,无法进
embolism.Insufficient monitoring 0f postoperalive anticr js行双袖状肺叶切除术，行全肺切除后，在器械台上行肿瘤切
中华外科杂志2000年4月第38卷第4期 Chin J Surg April 2000 Vol. 38 No. 4
• 249 •
除下叶修剪后重植于胸腔内。 结果 随访至1999年12 月,第1、3、4例患者已分别无瘤存活31、18和13个月。第1 和3例患者生活质量良好,但第4例患者活动能力极差。第 4例术后42d因肺动脉、支气管胸膜痿，做移植肺切除。第2 例术后19 d死于支气管胸膜痿、张力性气胸。 结论 对心 肺功能不能耐受全肺切除的III期上叶中心型肺癌患者，自
体肺移植是一种可供选择的能保全肺组织的肺癌根治术式。
【关键词】	癌,支气管原;	体外切除;	自体肺移植
（收稿日期: 1999-12-17）
（本文编辑:张钰）
INSTRUCTIONS TO AUTHORS
S tarti ng from the first i ssue of 2000, the Chinese J ournal of Surgery provides our read ers a new department: Origin al Arti cles in English .We welcome origi nal articles in English from any part of the w orld .The papers are revi ewed by members of the Edi tori al board and our panel of expert referees , then either accepted for pu blication or rejected by the Editor.
We receive over thousand submissi on s each year and accept less than 20% for pub licati on, many after revisions recomm en ded by the revi ewers, editors or statisti cal advisers.A decisi on tak es from two weeks to three months, the longer period being due to the multiple revi ew s needed for papers likely to be accepted.
Proofs of the edited p aper and i llustrations are sent to the cor-respondi ng aut hor for correction and reply to any queries from the Editor.Laser prints, offprint s or reprints can be ordered.
Submissi ons
We require THRE E fully double-spaced copies of the w hole arti cle, each including an abstract, i llustration, capti on s, tables and ref erences.E ach copy should have a cover page, comp let e details of the title, the source, the auth ors and an address, telephone and fax number for the corresponding author.The text and figures shou ld exclu de all ref erence to the source of the work and the authors.
T he AU TH O RS’ n ame s (normally no m ore than Ax) andthei r initials should be in the same form as in their other publi cations with a full postal address.One author should be nam ed for editorial correspondence .
Each submis si on must be accomp anied by a LETTER of TRANSMITTAL signed by all the authors.
MANUSC RIPTS shoul d be printed with generous m argins, and double spacing is essential t hroughout the text, the referen ces and the captions.Pages shou ld be consecut ively num bered, with tables, captions and list of references each on separate pages.The STYLE should be simple and direct, free from am biguity and jargon, and with minim al use of abbreviations.
The TITLE of the paper should be chosen with care: a short one has more im pact and may be exp anded by a subtitle.
The ABSTRACT shoul d have no more than 150 words and summ arise the most important points in the article, incorporating keywords suitable for elect roni c retrieval systems.
The MAIN TEXT should be divided under headings.For many papers the best sequence is Introduct ion, Pati ent s (or Materi
al), Method, Resu lts and Dis cussion .The text should comment on, but should not rep eat, the details given in tables or captions. Any acknow ledgements shou ld be made at the end of the main text.
Each of the TABLES shou ld have a short descri ptive heading.
The REFERENC ES in the text shoul d in clud e only those that are im port ant and have been studied in full by the authors.All references will be checked by us.They should be represented in the text by sup erscri pt numbers in the order of their appearance.The list of referen ces at tht end of the text should follow the style of the Vancouver Group .
ILLUSTRATIONS may be halftone photographs or black on wh ite line drawings . Diagrams, chart s and graph s shou ld be produced by a professional artist. The ' three-dimensional bar charts produced by compu ter programs are not acceptable.Photographs shou ld be sent as glossy print s ( 18cm by 12cm is a convenient size).Illustrations should be unmounted and m arked on the back with soft penci l with the first four words of the title, the f igure number and the word' top' . Photomicrographs with no inset scale shou ld have the m agnifi cati on of the print in the caption;stains shou ld be reported.The LETTERING on di agram s and graphs shou ld be large enough to be clear after it has been reduced for pri nting and be consist ent in size and style .PE RMISSION to reproduce any borrow ed i llustration must be obt ained from the author and the publisher, and evidence of this permi ssion must accompany the subm itted article .We requi re a letter of transm itt al signed by ALL named au thors , stating that they have taken a signifi cant and active part in the preparation of the article, that they have read and approved the f inal version, and are willing to discuss it in detail.One copy of all p arallel or related or published papers shou ld be p rovi d-ed.
To conf orm with the C opyright Act of 1976 this letter must contain the follow ing paragraph :
In consideration of the edi tori al b oard of the Chi nese Journal of Surgery reviewing and edi ting my (ou r)submissi on , the au thor (s) undersigned hereby transfer(s), assign(s), or oth erw ise conveys all copyright ow nershi p to and represent( s) that he (they) own(s)al l righ ts in the m at erial su bm itted.Th e au thor(s)f urther represent(s) that the article is origin al, that it is not u nder con si d-erati on by another journal, and that it has not been previously pub-li shed.Thi s assignment is to t ake effect only if the work is pub-li shed in the Journal.
